So, in this video, I'm going to show you
how we grew our finance agency from 113K
per month to 1.8 million per month in 18
months. The agency that I'm going to
talk about relies on, you know, getting
leads for financial advisors on a
pay-per-le basis. That's nearly 85 to
90% of the revenue on an ongoing basis.
So, this is much different than most
agency models that rely on retainers. It
is higher risk but much lower scalable
and much higher reward than the average
agency because the greater the risk the
greater the reward just like most things
in life. So I met the client that I
partner with this agency on at an
affiliate marketing forum about 3 years
prior to when I am recording this video
as you see it right now. And when this
happened they were very small 30 to 40k
per month gross let alone net. I have no
idea what the net was back then but I
know what the revenue was. And since
the, you know, previous 18 months when
we built this up, they were, you know,
starting at 113K 18 months ago, another
at 1.8 million. I am paid 30% of the net
profits on a quarterly basis for this
work. So that's been the previous how
that six quarters or so. It's going to
actually become the seventh quarter soon
enough. So, in this video, I will show
you how we built the marketing funnel to
both generate the leads we sell as well
as to get clients for the agency. If you
never watched my channel before, you
have no idea who I am. My name is
Matthew Larson and I am from Calgary,
Canada, and I'm 29 years old at the time
of recording. Currently in Dubai on a
business trip, so it's not my normal
setup. But over the past 12 years, I
have been a part of three agency exits,
all in the e-commerce space. One was
Facebook ads, one was Amazon agency,
mostly Amazon PPC, and the last one was
a lead or landing page and conversion
rate optimization for e-commerce in July
2023. The first two were multi7 figures
in cash and some earnout. And the
previous one was 10 million in cash,
over 10 million in cash and no earnout.
The first two I was a minority or junior
partner with. I was the apprentice
learning from the master, so to speak.
But I owned the 100% of the previous
agency that I sold for 10 million in
cash. Learned a lot in the past 12
years, and all I really do is make an
agency, build it up, sell it, wait for
the non-compete to expire, and then do
it all over again. I'm confident that I
could run up any agency based on the
exact strategy that you're going to see
in this video. So, take notes, see what
would work for you, see what can be
done, and hopefully you leave this video
with some action steps. So, the things
that we're going to talk about are about
me and the business, and we kind of
already touched on that. We're going to
go over the four problems that agencies
face. We're going to talk about the
offers we created for this agency, the
funnel we're building, the how we drive
the traffic, how we operate the funnel,
and then we're going to touch on
operations, hiring, training, and that
kind of stuff very
briefly. So, there are four main
problems that every agency faces, and
every agency suffers these to a varying
degree. The first is that no one knows
who they are or even if they're a bigger
agency, just they're now their main
constraint is they aren't getting enough
traffic. The second is they're not
generating enough leads. The third is
all their clients come from referrals.
And the fourth is 99% of leads they do
generate through paid ads, through
content, through outreach are
unqualified and they basically have
nothing to offer
them. So it doesn't matter if you have
the best service in the world. If no one
knows who you are, you can't sell it.
And this is really the root problem for
most agencies. They get no attention. No
one cares. So for most agencies, it is
kind of like they don't even exist at
all. Most of their clients that they get
are purely through luck and they don't
really have a duplicable duplicatable
duplicable repeatable or predictable way
to get more clients. So without solving
this problem, we're not going to solve
the other
three. The second is they're not getting
enough leads. And most agencies generate
zero leads. They may get one or two
here and that's basically purely through
luck, but they don't really have any
real pipeline and no system for
generating demand. So this problem is
very closely linked to that no one knows
who they are, but it's not the exact
same thing because people can know who
you are for the wrong reasons. Doesn't
mean you're generating leads. Without a
system to capture and nurture and
qualify leads at scale, there's almost
no real hope to succeed in the agency
business. The third is all their clients
come from referrals. And referrals are
great. We all love
referrals, but we cannot solely rely on
referrals to scale. They're out of our
control. And we'd be putting ourselves
and our livelihood and our family at the
mercy of one of our clients just
randomly stopping throughout the day
thinking of us and just bringing up
someone and referring us to their
friend. We really need to take our life
and our business into our own hands and
that means not scaling off purely
referrals and that means to generate a
system to convert cold traffic at
scale. The fourth problem is 99% of
their leads are always going to be
unqualified. There's nothing that you or
I or my partner in this video or anyone
else is going to do to change this. Most
agencies get stuck because they have
nothing to offer outside of their
high-priced main high commitment
recurring service. Well, this is
probably the most important service that
you can have and it pays the bills. It's
hard to be profitable in your paid ads,
your content, your sales team, and all
that kind of stuff if we're essentially
wasting 99 cents out of every dollar we
spend on marketing because we don't have
anything else to offer. And I'm going to
go through that in the
video. So, before we get started, before
we get into the funnel that we built,
this is an example of the average lead
generation funnel. And it might be even
a bit too generous. Someone basically
might have a Twitter thread or like
Twitter feed or they might have a
LinkedIn account or they might have some
ads or some outreach and it goes to
their main recurring service where
they're basically pushing it through and
hoping people
buy. This is the funnel that I built
with my client and the one we build
inside our scale your agency program
where we have multiple ways of driving
traffic with paid ads, with content,
with outreach, with partnerships. We
have a bunch of different lead magnets
and assets to capture leads. We have
email flows to nurture them, as well as
a webinar and a VSSL or a live workshop
or a newsletter, a community appointment
center, or all of the above. Those
things will determine if they're
qualified or not qualified. And then we
have a bunch of different offers so that
no matter where they are, no matter how
no matter where they are or how much
revenue they're doing, we have something
to offer them. We have our one-time
service, our recurring service, our
referral partnerships, our course, our
program, our products, and our affiliate
links. So, I'm going to get into how we
built every single part of that. And
kind of like a house, we have to build
it from the ground up. It wouldn't make
much sense to build the bottom of the
funnel before the or build the top of
the funnel before the bottom of the
funnel, similar to how it wouldn't make
much sense to build the roof of a house
before you build the walls or the
foundation. So part one will be creating
the offers. So this is the funnel. We're
ba basically at the at the bottom we're
going to create this offer and then this
offer, this one, this one, this one, and
this one and then this one. I'm going to
show you what we did for each. So the
types of offers are the recurring
service, the intro offer, the referral
partnerships, the courses, the programs,
the affiliate commissions, and the
digital products. And we need multiple
offers because like I said before, 99%
of our leads are unqualified. And we
can't change that. It's like gravity.
But what we can do is we'll have
multiple different offers. So no matter
what their revenue level, no matter
where they are in their business
journey, so to speak, we have something
to offer them. And if we don't do this,
like most people don't, we'll lose out
on a ton of potential revenue and a ton
of potential
profit. So for the recurring service,
this is the foundation of every
business. It's what generates the MR,
the monthly recurring revenue. And
without it, you're not going to have a
stable and predictable business, and you
will not feel confident enough to hire
the best people and to reinvest in your
business. So, in this case, this finance
agency that does pay per lead, it's not
really a recurring service so much as it
is reoccurring. We're not just locking
them into some sort of MR retainer. We
sell them leads. And although there's no
contract or commitment, a lot of clients
get into, you know, I want 50 leads per
week or 100 leads per week or 500 leads
per week or so on, something like that.
So it's not recurring in the sense that
it's a subscription, but people buy
again and again. So effectively, it's
kind of the same thing. So in the
context, the minimum order size that we
do at our agency is 50 leads per week,
which is $11,000 at an average of 220
cost per lead, which is the current
market rate at the time we I'm filming
this video. So the biggest problem we
found with the recurring service.
Basically, this is a function of the
kind of niche in my opinion is that it t
it takes a really long time to get
financial advisors to scale up how many
leads they want per week or per month
because unlike a lot of finance things
where they get their commission, a lot
of them just get paid on their
percentage of their portfolio and their
client's portfolio every year. They
don't just get some, you know, bonus or
commission or upfront cash flow. So,
this makes it very hard for us to scale
the amount of leads that we send or sell
to every client in comparison to some
industries like mortgage and loans and
stuff where they can often get their
commission within seven or 30 days or
something of that nature. So, in the
past 18 months, we eventually did find
big buyers. You know, I'm not going to
name any names, but there are a lot of
big financial advisor companies, but it
took many months for us to scale up like
the amount of spend, which is
unfortunate for us on the front end, but
if you're playing a long enough game, it
was fine. The second is the intro offer.
And although the recurring service, I'd
argue, is the most important, it's kind
of harder to sell to a lot of people
because it's higher risk and higher
commitment from the buyer's point of
view. So, the intro offer should be the
opposite of this. It's one time awesome
no-brainer offer that they can kind of
try you out without taking the full
leap, so to speak. If you think of it
as, you know, working with you over
here, your client's over here, and
there's a big river like flowing and
you're on each bank of the river, the
intro offer should be like a stepping
stone. It makes it easier to get across.
So the number one problem in this
industry, the pay-per-le industry in
finance, regardless of the vertical, is
that people who buy leads often get
screwed over by paying for absolute
terrible leads. And just like most
agencies, I would say, are terrible at
delivering their service in a
traditional MR setup. Most lead sellers
are absolutely terrible at generating
quality leads, and they're essentially
scamming their buyers. So, we tried to
be empathetic in this situation and we
solved this problem by finding the
absolute what I would say minimum order
size that we could sell to someone with
um that basically costs that basically
covers a cost of fulfillment and client
acquisition and leaves a a little bit of
profit left over just to reinvest in the
business. So there's the cost that it
takes us to acquire the leads and then
there are other costs like you know our
paid ad cost to acquire the customer,
the content cost to acquire the
customer, the appointment setting cost,
the closing cost, software admin cost.
We basically turned out to be 25 leads
and we sell them for 4,840.
So without giving away too much, we are
generating these leads at about 30%
margin, which means to fulfill 25 leads,
we spend about
$3,388 on ads. So this leaves us with
about
$1,452 in leftover margin, which
basically is designed to cover the rest
of our costs. So we are getting about
$105 per qualified call right now and
closing 22% of them. I think is very
good. And that is about
$476 in ad spend plus another $484 in
sales commission if you take into and
that to explain that a bit instead of
just glossing over it. So we pay about
$476 in ad spend to get those calls that
it takes to close. We pay
$484 on 4,800 which is 10% commission to
the sales rep. we pay 5% to the
um to the appointment center and that
leaves us just barely enough profit left
over to cover the admin cost. So the
software costs, the non-revenue
producing costs like finance, HR, that
kind of stuff while still at least
breaking even on the 100% of time on the
front end. So we're never losing money
by acquiring a customer. We're always
breaking even or maybe you know a few
bucks left over. So, we're acquiring the
customers at a break even on the front
end and we make the big money, so to
speak when they upsell or they buy more
leads again. So, about 31% of our
customers buy leads three times or more.
And every time they buy those leads,
we're making at least that 30% margin as
the customer acquisition cost is already
paid for. The sales commission and the
setting costs are already paid for. And
that's where we really make all of our
money. We don't really make anything on
leads that, you know, just buy once and
then churn. Like it's doesn't really
similar to how you wouldn't do that on
pretty much any
agency. For our referral partnerships,
we can actually make a lot of money
referring people away if they don't fit
our criteria. As far as I see it,
there's kind of three main situations
where that's true. They're either too
small for you, you can refer them to a
smaller agency. They're too big for you,
they can refer to a larger agency. not
really the case most of the time but or
they actually need a different service
and you can refer them to an agency that
does that service. So in our case we
basically generate all of our leads
purely through Facebook, YouTube, Tik
Tok native advertising. So, if the
client wants lead genen through a
different method, so to speak, such as
content or cold email or call centers or
something of that nature, we're
basically able to refer them to our
partners that do those service and we
collect recurring commissions every
single month for doing so. So, it's a
nice little revenue
stream. For our course, there's always
people that want to learn to do it
themselves, and they're not going to
hire you for the main service if you
don't have something to offer them. I
based on everything I've done in the
past 12 years, you're missing out about
15% of the total market. So the best
thing the best way that I found to think
of a course is making a complete
training system for your internal
employees. So like one module or one
course per role and then repackaging it
to make a course. This kills two birds
with one stone. And you're going to get
in the right frame of mind, how would I
train my employees to do this is how you
would basically do your course. So in
this case, it's not like a lot of
agencies. In this case, we don't
necessarily want them to know how to
generate leads themselves with ads as
that would defeat the purpose of our
service and create competition for us
directly in the ad auctions. So instead,
we made a course on how to set up the
sales processes and systems and
automation specifically for for
financial advisors and that helps them
close more leads that they bought from
us. So it's a good revenue stream for
people who do buy it. And we sell more
of these than you think. Like to be
honest, I'm not going to say how many,
but we sell more than the than you might
think. So, it's good revenue stream for
us. And if they set it up and they're
successful, now they're having a higher
close rate and they're going to buy even
more leads from us, which makes it even
better. For the program, I like to think
of the program typically as the course
with some extra one-on-one or group
help. This could be like a traditional
program or a mastermind or something
like that. And it's similar to the
course in the sense that some people
don't really want you to do it, but they
also don't want to do it themselves. So
they want you to do it with them. So
done with you is why it's called that.
So when I think of the program, I
usually try to basically incorporate the
course but focus on getting a specific
result while holding their hand along
the way. So in this case, we didn't
really have a program in the traditional
sense. What we did was they could
essentially rent someone from us, which
is a VA to help them set up their
systems. So, the course was their
systems, but this VA was basically a
one-time cost, and it would set up their
appointment setting system, their sales
system, their CRM, and their automations
if they don't already have them and they
don't really want to do it themselves.
It's essentially the same course, but
has large elements of done for you
instead of purely do-it-yourself. I
would still
like classify it as a done with you
program. And it's a good revenue stream
for us. And it's kind of like the course
where if it is successful, it's going to
lead to them buying more leads from us.
And that's why we really focus on
offering
it. The next one is our affiliate
commissions. And most of the people who
come into your funnel are going to be
unqualified to buy something from you.
We've said that multiple times, but a
lot of people will sign up for the
software they need if you teach them.
So, we can really create a lot of
recurring affiliate commissions if we
recommend those softwares to them. So
the most common scenario that we
basically get affiliate commissions is
when they sign up for a software that
they need. So financial advisors in
terms of technology and automation and
what's possible is very unsophisticated
in comparison to something like SAS or
e-commerce or something where everybody
has it dialed in completely. So in these
industries cold calling and mass
outreach, direct mail, that kind of
stuff is still the norm. So a lot of
them don't even have the most basic
software. So, we basically get a lot of
affiliate commissions when they sign up
for a CRM. We recommend close.com to our
clients, but it kind of is whatever. An
email marketing software. We use Active
Campaign because a lot of them don't
accept financial investing type of
businesses. And then an SMS marketing
software. We recommend Twilio. So, we
have I don't know the exact amount, but
it's like 18,000 to 20,000 per month in
just commissions passively from this.
It's not the biggest, you know, revenue
stream, but it's not bad at the same
time if they're going to sign up for
that stuff
anyway. The last one is a digital
product. And a digital product is a
necessary offer in most funnels because
it serves two purposes. It's another
revenue stream for someone who can't
afford our main offers or our course. It
can act as a stepping stone, kind of
like an even miniature intro offer to
get people in the top of funnel through
paid ads, through content. So whether
this is a challenge, a digital product,
templates, there's many options. And we
don't really have one of these for this
business. We really couldn't find one
that we thought makes sense that was not
already included in our course. And we
didn't want to make ad templates or
landing page templates or something like
that cuz that would just create direct
competition for ourselves in the ad
auctions. So now that we wrapped up the
offers, we're going to talk about
building the funnel. I like this part
the best. And to recap, this is the
exact funnel that we're going to build
or that we did build. And we've done the
kind of offers and now we're going to
move up to the sales, the website, the
conversion mechanisms, the middle
funnel, top of funnel. So the pieces of
the funnel that we really wanted to do
are the opt-in page, the sales page with
a VSSL, an application form, a
disqualified thank you page. So people
who submit the application and don't fit
the criteria, they're disqualified and
go to that page. And then we have the
qualified thank you page for people who
can book a call. We also want six to 12
lead magnets, a welcome flow, a pre-all
flow, and a follow-up flow are the
different parts that we made. So, we
need the full funnel. We don't just need
90%, 99%, we need 100%. Because a good
marketing funnel is like a car. A car is
greater than the sum of its individual
parts. I don't know if I said that
phrase right, but it's greater than its
individual parts. It's the sum. If any
parts of a car are missing, it's not
going to work very well. And if it does,
it's not going to work nearly to the
same extent as if all of the parts are
there. So, if we had all the parts of
the car except the door, the brakes, the
steering wheel, that kind of stuff
wouldn't be very useful, would it?
Doesn't really matter that in theory 95%
of the car is there. It will not
function in the way that it's meant to
function. And it's the exact same thing
with the full marketing funnel. It all
has to be there and I think everybody
would be fooling themselves to think
otherwise. So the first thing I'm going
to talk about is our funnel pages. So as
far as the funnel goes, it has a few
different parts. The core of the funnel
is a few different pages, a VSSL, an
application form, and a calluler tool.
Calendarly for us at least. So the first
thing that we had was an opt-in page
that promised a free training on how to
close more clients as a financial
adviser. This is heavily promoted in all
of our content and on our website, but
we don't really use this page at all in
paid ads because we're trying to get
sales calls booked. And we found it's a
lot better to advertise directly to the
sales page, which I'll talk about next.
The sales page is actually very simple.
There's a headline, there is a VSSL,
there's apply now, and then there's
proof. So, for most of the journey and
most of the video that we're going over
now, the headline was close three to six
more clients per month as a financial
adviser without cold calling, direct
mail, or referrals, even if you're not
the most established in your area. So,
I've tested about 150 different
headlines. The landing page testing is
my specific job, and nothing has beaten
this. This was actually one of the first
headlines we've tried. No matter what
I've tried, I really can't beat this.
So, if you could comment something
better, let me know. I would be the most
keen person in the entire world if you
think you could write a better headline.
I'll even pay you for it. So, the VSSL
told them everything they need to know
about buying leads from us, including
the math and ROI. You know, this is what
you can expect if you get, you know,
this cost, this close rate over the next
5 years. This is what you can expect. If
you get this many referrals, this is
what you can expect. Then how it works,
what we would be responsible for, what
they're responsible for, and just stuff
like that. It's pretty simple. The VSSL
is just the business owner, my partner
in this case, reading through a slide
deck that's about 70 pages long. Not
really, unlike the video that you're
watching right now, except an actual
instructions type thing instead of a
case study. The VSSL is about 32 minutes
long. The apply now button led to a type
form that has 12 filtering questions.
So, we filtered out any financial
adviser who didn't already have clients,
anyone who didn't have at least three
people working for them, anyone who's
not willing to spend at least 200 per
lead, anyone's not willing to spend at
least 4,000 on a test order, and anyone
who has self indicated that they're not
willing to call the leads at least seven
times before giving up. So, the $200 per
lead, well, $220 realistically, and
4,800 for our intro offer, but on the
form, that is what the questions state.
The proof section is pretty basic
because I think this is a different
industry than some. Like if you have an
e-commerce brand, you like are stoked
for your agency and you refer them to
your friends cuz your friends probably
aren't competing with you directly
because they have different products.
It's not really the same as this here
where if you're financial adviser,
you're killing it for them. They don't
necessarily want to sing your praises
and attract competitors who also want to
buy leads from you. A lot of the big
financial advisor firms are national and
can serve every state. So, it's not
really like an e-commerce store. Like,
if they're giving a testimonial, they're
creating attention that could lead to
direct competition from themselves. So,
the proof section is kind of basic. We
with all of this revenue, we have about
five case studies that were people who
only serve a small area, most of them,
and then we have a couple of
testimonials, but from the same people
that have the case studies. It's truly
quite basic.
For our lead magnets, we made eight
different lead magnets that were free
trainings that financial adviserss could
download. They're essentially master
classes for every step of selling and
closing more leads. So, these eight
master classes are how to maximize
search results, how to set up the CRM,
how to set up the website, how to set up
the appointments, how to run a sales
call, how to follow up, how to onboard,
and how to retain.
So, all of these lead magnets were 75
pages at least, and the longest one is
211 pages in a PDF format. They're
really good. They're really in-depth. A
lot of I would say most of the financial
advisors download one or all of these
before buying from us. It's I think it
was 68% or something like that
downloaded these before they eventually
closed either before the sales call or
after. So they're very important tool
for us in you know gaining the
confidence of the financial
advisor. There's also three sets of
email flows we have. So we have the
welcome flow which is whenever someone
opts in for our lead magnet or fills out
the application they're added to the
welcome flow. They receive one email per
day for 30 days each each addressing an
objection or question through
storytelling examples case studies
insights and more. Each of those emails
are valuable on their own. And it's the
goal of ours to completely destroy every
single objection until there are
basically none left. Just destroy it.
Don't even just address it. Destroy it.
The next is the pre-all flow. So,
whenever someone booked a call, they'd
be force-fed four to six emails per day
before the call, each addressing
objections, questions, expectations, and
more. This is very good because they
would show up to the call way more
educated and ready to go than they are
otherwise. So if someone, you know,
submits the application right away and
then books a call, we have an automation
to remove them so they don't get both
cuz these are very similar flows. It's
just the frequency and for example the
pre-all flow always references that we
have a call coming up at x time and
date. But they're essentially the same
flow, just different use cases and
different
frequencies. Then we have the post call
flow. So if the call is over and the
person didn't buy on the call within or
within like right after the call,
they're added to this flow. 97% of
people will not buy on the call or right
after according to our data and we need
to nurture them. So this flow is three
times per week for 12 weeks and it's
very similar to the other flows in terms
of content, but it's different because
it's heavily shortened. Sounds like
someone actually manually wrote this.
It's not part of a flow. And it's also
referencing, you know, we had a call on
X date and X time and here's how to get
started in the PS statement. So there's
a few different parts of it, but they're
essentially the same flow uh just for
different use cases. All the content is
the
same. For our conversion mechanisms,
when someone is in our funnel, there are
a few different ways to get them to
convert to basically scheduling a call
with the sales team. The first is we
have a pre-recorded 67minute webinar
that taught the eight key lessons to
closing more sales as a financial
advisor. This is an evergreen webinar on
webinar jam which means they can
basically watch it every time. A lot of
people do live webinars once a month or
something. This is just they can access
it whenever they want. The content for
this webinar is basically the eight lead
magnets summarized and put together in a
slide deck because the content is the
content like that's what's going to be
helpful for them. We also have a
newsletter which is a second conversion
mechanism which we send five times per
week. Each newsletter is a 1 to two
minute read. I went over one tip to how
to close more clients as a financial
adviser. This goes out to our entire
list of about 30,000 active readers. And
active means they've in our case opened
or clicked in the last 30
days. The next is the community and we
have the largest free community of
financial advisors on Facebook. So, from
the POV of a group member, this
community is pretty dead and relatively
inactive. It doesn't get a lot of posts
and or engagement or any of that kind of
stuff, but we got a ton of clients
coming through this community before
booking a call. You know, they'll
download our lead magnet, they'll read
our newsletter, they'll see the
community in there, they'll go in, check
it out, see some of the content, and
then book a call. So, it is a although
it's not the most active, I would say,
it's a very important part of what we do
in my opinion. The final conversion
mechanism is our appointment setter. So
every time we get a qualified
application, we have an appointment
setting team reaching out with five
minutes within 5 minutes by SMS, email,
and social media. For us is the most
effective way to book calls. If they're
not ready to book a call from our
appointment setter, our team usually
sends them to the webinar or the
community. They're added to our
newsletter by default because we have
their email at this point, but we'll go
to the webinar especially to try to
nurture them even more.
And let's talk about the website. We
have a basic but very effective website.
So, it's kind of it really is what you'd
expect though. It's the headline, the
sub headline, the VSSL, the apply now
button, the client logos that we work
with, the how it works section, the
math, our lead qualification section,
our historical data, our free trainings,
our proof, our FAQ, and how to get
started. And then we have a few other
pages. We have a wins page that has
basically a big long scroll of every
screenshot in Slack, iMessage, WhatsApp,
email, everything you can think of of
anything that clients are winning or
giving positive feedback. We have a case
study page with all of our whopping five
case studies. We have a review page that
links to Trust Pilot. I think it has 60
reviews, not too many. We have a free
training page which has links to
download each of those eight lead
magnets. And then we have a get started
page which links to our form. They can't
book a call if they don't go through our
form. For our sales process, the sales
process is
heavily, let's just say, subsidized for
lack of a better word. It's made a lot
easier because we have this funnel. By
the time most people get to the call,
they've already probably consumed some
content, be receiving newsletters and
email flows, checked out our sites,
probably our webinar, maybe our lead
magnet community, and they've been
definitely harassed by our appointment
setters multiple times. So, our sales
process is actually quite easy because
almost every lead who's ever getting on
a call with us has already significantly
warmed up by all other areas of our
funnel. And that's kind of the entire
point of this. Our typical sales process
is, you know, they're either going to go
through the appointment setter or
they're going to self-book on the
Calendarly. They're going to receive the
pre-all flow, those four to six emails
per day, the pre-all reminders, and then
we're going to go through a 5minute
introduction by our sales rep. We're
going to go through a 5 to 7 minute
screen start presentation, and then that
leaves time for about 18 to 20 minutes
of objection handling and closing and
getting the client to talk. After the
call is over, we send an immediate
follow-up within two minutes and then if
they don't close three times per week
for 12 weeks based on our data, our
average time to close was 4.4 days after
the sales call takes place. So that's
like not 5 minutes, so we have to follow
up. And we have an average of 25.5%
close rate within 30 days of the sales
call taking place. I said 22% before and
that's within 7 days but within 20
within 30 days it turns up to
25.5%. The next thing in part three is
going to be about driving traffic
because we have our offers, we have the
funnel, now we need to drive traffic
there and that is going to be at the
top. We've basically done the offers,
we've basically done the middle parts
here and now we need to take care of our
paid ads, our content, our outreach and
our partnerships. So the types of
different traffic are paid ads that
could be broken down into multiple
platforms I suppose but Facebook,
Google, YouTube, LinkedIn, Twitter,
Instagram native, you name it. YouTube
videos, short form videos, LinkedIn,
Twitter and Instagram posts, our cold
email, our LinkedIn and Twitter DMs, our
white label partnerships, our referral
partnerships, and our media
partnerships. And I'm going to go
through all of them. We want to have
multiple traffic sources for two main
reasons or at least two good reasons.
One, we don't want to put all of our
eggs in one basket. If we get banned or
the algorithm changes or the tactic
becomes obsolete for some reason, you
know, we have multiple ways and we're
not screwed. And the other one is each
traffic source works together like the
pieces of a car, I guess you could say,
to make all the other ones more
effective. So, if someone sees our
content and sees our paid ads for a
while, they're much much more likely to
respond to our outreach as if they
didn't see either of those. Or if
someone clicks on our ad and we have
valuable content on our profile, they're
much more likely to book a call. And
there are many combinations of that. So,
the first thing we did was our paid ads.
And almost all of our paid ads are
geared towards a training funnel, which
was basically what we talked about
earlier. This is the same funnel and the
VSSL that I was talking about. And there
are three main categories of paid ad
funnels that you can run as far as I can
see it. They're going to be the training
funnel, the direct offer funnel, and the
case study funnel. So, in this business,
we've kind of actually had success with
all three of these funnels, but we when
we run three all three at the same time,
we're putting 85% of our spend like
manually. It's not a CBO campaign or
anything. It's geared towards the
training funnel. So when we ran the case
study funnel and when we do, we
basically generate higher level clients
mostly. And this is great and we
actually turn off the other two funnels
when we first had success with this cuz
we're like, "Oh my god, we're only
getting the best clients now." But
unfortunately, we quickly learned that,
you know, although we are attracting
higher level clients, they're very
unpredictable in my in the sense that
they're not consistent lead buyers.
They're hard to close and they're very
small in number. Most financial advisors
work for either themselves or a small
shop. There's just very few of these
national financial advisor type things
that would be buying these leads at
least. I'm sure there's tons of huge
investment companies, but for the ones
that actually buy these leads
specifically and can like that aren't a
part of a big bank or something, very
few. When we ran the direct offer
funnel, which we attracted fairly good
quality leads, and this is the, you
know, this is the try 25 leads funnel
type thing. And we got a lot of clients
this way, and they're usually quite
good. And, you know, normally they buy
leads as their main source. But we
quickly learned that the number of
financial adviserss who have the correct
systems to actually close these leads is
kind of small. And we couldn't scale
this campaign. We just get a lot of
people who' buy once and then churn. So,
when we're running the training funnel
now with 85% of our spend, it's almost
out of necessity. It's the only one that
allows us to scale. So, most of the
clients are open to buying leads, but
maybe have had trouble in the past
balancing their financial advisor duties
with getting new clients cuz they're the
ones who actually have to do the actual
work, too. And the training funnel
showed them how to do that. And that's
where our paid ads basically
go. The next is the YouTube videos. And
the business owner, which is the client
of my partner in this, only has created
16 YouTube videos over the entire
business, which most of them were in the
last 18 months, but this is since he
started. These barely get any top
offunnel traffic on their own or any new
viewers. They're all masterclass style
videos similar to the lead magnets and
webinars in terms of topic. However,
when we actually look on our callbooking
form and we ask, "Have you watched any
of our YouTube videos?" 68% of people
have said yes. And I said that earlier
for a different statistic. I can't
remember what it was, but 68% of people
also say yes, we have watched your
YouTube videos before. I think it was
people who join the community too.
That's that's crazy actually when I was
didn't even notice that when I was
making this. So although we barely get
any new traffic or new customers from
the YouTube, the number of people who
come through through paid ads or other
content or outreach and then just happen
to stumble across our YouTube channel
and watch before booking a call is huge.
And this is a prime example of what I
mean when I say that the four methods of
driving traffic, paid ads, content,
outreach, and partnerships work together
to make each other more effective.
We don't do any short form video like
this is a good area of opportunity but
it is what it is. We just haven't done
it. Partner doesn't want to and I'm
really not going to do it myself cuz I'm
not a financial adviser. No interest in
doing any of that. It's just what it is.
We make heavy use of written content on
all platforms. So LinkedIn, Twitter,
Instagram, Facebook too. I just include
that on Instagram. Facebook's very
important because a lot of your Facebook
ads are going to show on Facebook and so
many people just ignore Facebook
completely. it's not really a good thing
necessarily. So what we do is we post
twice per day both long form posts on
LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram and
Facebook. So we schedule these um for
Twitter basically through HypeFury and
then we cross post as carousels to
LinkedIn and Instagram and then just the
normal long form Facebook post. So every
single one of these posts is how to
close more sales as a financial adviser.
So the best way and what we kind of do
is we break down the lead magnets into
10-p part threads over and over and over
again. And we have about 250 threads
that are all high quality and would post
on every platform available all
automatically through Hype Fury. So it's
a small niche financial advisor I'd say,
but we have over 75,000 combined
followers on every of the platforms
which is pretty good for this kind of
niche thing. For cold email, it's one of
the most important client acquisition
channels for us. It's very, very easy to
scrape a list of financial advisors. And
we have a 100 cold email inboxes sending
33 emails per day, Monday to Friday. So,
this equals out to 3,300 emails per day,
five times per week. And we generally
book between three and five meetings
with a combined 18% lifetime close rate
from cold email. The cold email script
is all centered around a loom giving
them five tips on how to close more
meetings and that's by buying our leads.
Very nice. So you can think of this as
even a small or more miniature version
of our VSSLR webinar. Just 3 minutes 15
seconds I believe. So over time we've
gotten over 260 clients from cold email
alone. And 40 of those are still current
clients buying weekly or monthly
basically to this day.
We also have the exact same strategy on
LinkedIn as we do through cold email. We
bought 30 age LinkedIn accounts and we
filter people through LinkedIn sales
navigator with the job title financial
adviser. They make it nice and easy for
us by identifying themselves as that. So
we send 30 emails per day, Monday to
Friday, every account for 900 per day
and 4,500 per week. So the script and
Loom are essentially the same, but
they're shortened a bit. So for these
900 messages, we typically kind of get
two to five sales calls per day. And it
makes it much more effective or much
more effective on a per message basis
than cold email. I put a typo there. We
also have a VA repurposing and rewriting
all of the threads that were have on our
main thing with AI. So we have content
that's basically rewritten on all of
those 30 profiles. And we found that to
be a lot more effective than messaging
from blank accounts that have no
content.
Obviously, the Twitter messaging and the
Instagram messaging are the same. I
didn't really include them in here, but
we do that on a smaller scale as well.
Not as effective, but we still do it.
So, for our white label partnerships, we
didn't really have an active system for
developing these at the start, but over
time, we have 22 different lead sellers
or content sites essentially buying our
financial advisor leads from us and
probably reselling them for more if I
had to guess. And it's a very
significant source of revenue for us.
It's about 775K out of the 1.8 million
per month that we do at our peak. And
it's very, very significant. They'll
come, they'll buy all of our leads for X
price. I'm not going to say it here. And
then probably resell it for Y price.
It's a little bit of a discount, but
they buy a lot of volume for us. And
it's very, very profitable and very,
very big scale for us. Very, very
important. The next is referral
partnerships. And we don't really do a
good job generating referral
partnerships, but the most common people
who refer to us are marketing and sales
tools or SAS that financial advisors
will use. We get about 20 meetings per
month through these partners, which
isn't a lot, and especially when five to
six of those 20 are qualified in any
way. This would be a good opportunity to
expand on this area, but our other
channels are working very well, and
we're just focusing on what works the
best right now for us.
We've not done a good job at generating
media partnerships such as speaking at
events, YouTube promotions, podcast
promotions, and so on. But we have a
very good system for getting guest
posting opportunities on blogs and
newsletters and doing guest training for
financial advisors and communities like
Facebook groups and Slack. And there's
much more or much more of those than
people might think. like the referral
partnerships. We probably could expand
on this, but we have our other channels
working really well and you have limited
time and resources. So, that's what
happens for all of our traffic and for
operating the funnel. I want to go
through how we actually keep this
running so we don't have to do it
ourselves or you know working on the
business instead of in the business. So,
for our offers, we're basically selling
the leads without locking clients into
contracts, but many are buying weekly.
you know, 500 or 50, 100, sometimes
more. So, this is very consistent
revenue even though it's not a
traditional subscription. To lower the
risk for first-time buyers, as a recap,
we offer 25 leads for
$4,840. The aim here is to break even
after costs, and about 31% of people buy
three times or more, and that's where we
make our profit. If someone's not a fit,
we refer them to other agencies and
collect a monthly commission. This
worked well for services we didn't offer
like outbound lead genen, cold calling,
cold emailing. We just don't do that for
the actual clients. We sold a course
that helped advisers get better leads
and close the leads more frequently.
Taught them systems, processes, and if
they're successful with the course, they
buy more leads from us than they did
before, which is even better. For
clients who didn't want to do it
themselves, we have a one-time service
where they can basically rent a VA to
set everything else up. So, CRM,
automations, that kind of stuff. We earn
affiliate commissions through
recommending tools like clothes.com,
active campaign, Twiio who are going to
sign up for those anyway. And then we
don't have a digital product because it
just doesn't make sense to create
competition for ourselves with something
like ad templates. For our top of
funnel, we have paid ads. We run a
training case study and direct offer
funnels. 85% of that goes to the
training funnel. We have low amount of
YouTube videos, but 68% of book calls
have watched at least one YouTube. We
don't really have short form videos at
all. It's a missed opportunity. We post
two long form threads per day and
cross-ost, LinkedIn, Instagram, and
Facebook. We cold email 3,300 people per
day, Monday to Friday. This got us 260
clients total with an 18% close rate of
those calls. We have a LinkedIn and
Twitter messaging campaign that sends
900 DMs per day. Usually get two to five
calls per day from those. We have 22
companies who throughout the lifetime,
not now, but have, you know, bought and
resold our leads. That in the best month
is at 770K per month in revenue. No
formal system for doing this, but we
just kind of get them as they come in.
Our referral partnerships, we get about
20 meetings per month. Very bad quality
in my opinion and very low volume. Not
much to say. We don't do too many media
partnerships, but we do a good job of
getting guest posts on blogs and
training systems. is probably a very
untapped potential to send myself or my
partner going to speak at all these
financial advisor
conferences. For our middle of funnel,
we have a free training opt-in for our
lead magnets. It's used in our content,
not our ads. We have our sales page with
a 32-minute VSSL and apply button, kind
of straight to the point. Our VSSL is an
overview of the service, the ROI, and
the process. Our application form is 12
steps, filters for size, budget,
commitment, that kind of stuff. We split
into disqualified versus qualified thank
you pages just so we don't talk to
unqualified leads. We have eight long
form PDFs that are all kind of master
classes and the biggest sales systems.
And we have a 30-day email flow that
breaks down trust or builds trust,
breaks down objections and that kind of
stuff. For our bottom of the funnel, we
have a 67minute evergreen webinar. It's
kind of the same content that's covered
in the lead magnets but condensed and
put into a video. No live workshops. We
send our newsletter five times per week.
We have an email list of 30,000. We have
a large community that's relatively
inactive but helps with conversion. Our
appointment setting system is
industryleading in my opinion. Connects
with all qualified leads within 5
minutes or less. Our content is core to
the funnel. Long form posts, emails,
lead magnets, YouTube videos, all that
kind of stuff. For our sales system, we
have a four to six emails per day before
the call that handles the objections,
set expectations. We have our sales call
that goes kind of an intro, then a 5 to
seven minute screen share presentation,
then the objection handling and close
section. From when they book a call to
when they convert, the average time is
4.4 days. We do a sales presentation,
which is kind of a short walkthrough of
what we're due. Most education is done
pre-all in our content, in our email
flows, all that kind of stuff. If they
don't close, we follow up three times
per week for 12 weeks. And if not, they
kind of get recycled to marketing.
They're still going to see our videos,
our retargeting ads. They're still going
to receive our newsletters, but that's
our formal follow-up flow. To do this,
everything I just described, we have a
few different roles. We have our inbox
manager. We have one in every time zone.
So, one in Colombia, one in South
Africa, one in the Philippines. I did
this exact same setup at my old agency
that I sold that I referenced earlier.
So, we have 247 coverage to basically
respond to people who are interested in
cold email, you know, as fast as
possible. Our YouTube videos, we have
they're very minimally edited and they
only have 16 videos ever. We don't have
a short form editor because we don't
need it. We have a content repurposer
that takes the threads and turns them
into emails or takes the lead magnets
and turns them into threads, emails,
content, that kind of stuff. We have
many, many appointment setters. It's one
of the most important roles in our
funnel. We have about a dozen sales reps
at the current time that take these
calls with people and follow up and try
to get them to upsell. And we have a we
don't have a partnership manager, which
we should. So, all of our partner deals
are inbound or passive. Maybe right
after this video, I'm going to go hire
one. That's basically how it is. Our
operations are not really too many
operations just because we're leading.
We have a tech team to basically set up
the CRM and connect our lead forms to
their CRM off our landing pages. But
there's not too much outside of, you
know, all the roles here and then kind
of a tech and integration team. So, that
being said, I hope this video was
valuable and I'll see you in the next